hey guys it's Kevin here from precision
power washing in Henderson Kentucky
Evansville Indiana and I want to do a
quick demo today had an opportunity this
is a customer that we have done work for
godly probably every year or every other
year the past eight to ten years great
people that suddenly want to get their
house painted
they had a painting contractor come out
and it's kind of the reason I wanted to
do this video
painting contractor who also happens to
be air quotes a pressure washing
contractor as well told them the only
way to get this off was to either
sandblast it or use an acid and my
goodness the damage and the cost that
would have been incurred by that method
are outrageous astronomical there's
there's no adjectives to describe that
enough so I just wanted to do a quick
demo obviously that's not the proper
method of cleaning we see it all the
time in this industry guys who think
they know how to clean this just because
they own a pressure washer and sadly
it's it's not the case it takes a lot of
experience and studying not ignorance
and laziness so sorry to sound so
abrasive but it is what it is so I'm
going to do a quick demo here it is
raining cats and dogs so bear with me
here I'm one-handed as well but I'm
going to demonstrate the soft wife here
here's my gun no wand we are going to
coat this
Cote this area here
you can already see it starting to turn
no trick photography here
coke this goods when I come back and
show it again
so I'm going to keep the camera going
just so you know there's no focus focus
magic going on Kofi's
as you can already see this starting to
dissipate
we're going to move down just for a
moment here to do this side I will keep
the camera rolling
this is the normal house wash mix
detergent surfactants algaecides
a little bit more difficult to do
one-handed but I think I've just about
perfected it here
I will turn right back around here and
let you see this side you can you can
see already that it's pretty much gone
it's been neutralized
without sandblasting and without an acid
which just infuriates me but they would
even recommend that but just want to do
this demo check us out on the web we
clean Evansville dot-com thank you guys